feat: utilize docker image functionality also for file provider (#211)
open-feature/flagd-testbed: launchpad/README.md

Launchpad is a lightweight HTTP server built in Go that controls a `flagd` binary and provides endpoints to manage its lifecycle and configuration. The application also allows toggling a flag's `defaultVariant` dynamically and saves the updated configuration to a file.

Additionally, launchpad will write the whole configuration as one combined JSON file into the "flags" directory with the name "allFlags.json".

> This file can be used to utilize it for File provider tests, instead of implementing a json manipulation in all languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file can be utilized for File provider tests, instead of implementing a json manipulation in all languages.
```

> Mount the folder of the docker image, to a local directory, and it will generate the file into this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mount the folder of the docker image to a local directory, and it will generate the file into this folder.
```
